she wants me impressed with the way you
look so clean car is good thing later on
settling it slowly your country your
city makes people crazy
okay he likes to gamble though doesn't
he I don't know about there Mallory said
was it
I would really scare me organized-crime
at me be cool
you think they'll make much of a
criminals I guess not
interesting weather isn't it
good day all I am back front of the part
of let's playground I thought of for 100
percent to be are gonna be doing a bit
of bowling here and it is a full game of
bowling which is required for 100%
completion but that's kind of boring
since I've already covered it so instead
I'm going to answer your questions which
you asked me on the last part so first
up here we have Pinnacle gaming he asked
me I would like to know what we're rock
stars thoughts at the beginning of the
game lucky than the idea to make an old
Ocean / European type deal with the mob
and stuff like that at the beginning of
the game right wow that is a good
question and it's one thing I came to
think about for a while because they
didn't really know but having thought
about it I think it it's probably
because they wanted to tell the story
first of all regarding Niko and his
nationality or at least his ethnic
origin I think they wanted to tell the
story of someone who comes to America
without ever having been there before
and what they encounter when they come
over here and obviously Niko's first
think that he encounters are these
Russian gangsters who are very cold
blooded I won't go on into the rest of
the storyline but you know what happens
later on regarding Dmitry and all that
and what's-his-face Mika Faust and so I
think that they really wanted to crush
the American dream as soon as Niko got
here because the first thing which he
says is like Oh take me to the mansion
and condyles and women and Roman is
hyping up the American Dream talking
about how Great America is and the Niko
realizes that it's really shit and that
the first thing that he encounters are
these Russians who do business really
shoddily and all that kind of thing so I
think that was their main goal there
they really wanted to as they crushed
the American Dream into smithereens the
best way to do that was to have these
Russians also the Albanians about the
place and just showed that it's really
not all it's cracked up to be I think
that was the main goal there now blaze
Marchon asked me two questions first of
all he asked me does that have anger
issues well I don't think that has anger
issues as such but I think it's just
because he takes so much cocaine I think
that's what makes him act really
erratically like you'll see that with
Ken Rosenberg of GTA vice sity he acts
absolutely crazy whenever he's on
cocaine so I think it's the same thing
that's why Bob is acting so weird and so
aggressive towards Nikko I think it's
just because he's on drugs
so if you were told the baby he would be
a bit more calm or not reassure but
that's how I see it anyway so that's
that and ask me what do I like about gt4
well I could end up going on for a while
here but I'm gonna try not to but I
don't know just eat April I think what I
like about it is that you have a main
character whom you can really sympathize
with someone whom you can really get
behind I personally think Nico is a
great main character because you just
feel sorry for when you just wanted to
be not safe exactly but you want things
to turn out well for him he's a
sympathetic kind of character I suppose
so that's one thing I like about it
another thing is that it mixes a lot of
humor with a kind of a dark gloomy
atmosphere and I love that kind of thing
it has a lot of gallows humor in and I
think and I like that kind of humor I
suppose so that's another thing I like
about this game and as I said I think
the main thing is though is that you can
really get emotionally invested in this
game that's probably the most fulfilling
aspect of and I think because most of
the characters just seem very real they
their character but who was to say you
can really sympathize and that's one
thing I would criticize about GTA 5
although it does have the same kind of
effect on me it's not as strong with
this game and I think that's because of
the fact that you have to switch between
three characters you don't get to build
up as much of a rapport with those
characters as you do with Nico's since
you're playing with him for the entire
game but that's just my opinion anyway
but that's those are the main things
which I like about GTA 4 now Slayer
Darth is the last question on my list
here because we're done more but well
whatever so how would you describe
Romans relationship with Mallory bad
things they should treat her better he
is seen partying with Brucie and a
nightclub in the Battle of the atony DLC
presumably to score with women and even
Mallory has her concerns do you think
that Roman initially has commitment
issues and maybe take super granted well
I think it's a bit of both the thinkI
poli takes her for granted and I think
commitment issues could be a big deal as
well because as you can see with his
gambling problems Roman likes to live a
life of excess but obviously he has
the pardon him telling him but that's
not the way she really be living and
he's trying to stop gambling but and he
keeps gambling anyway I thinks it's a
thing with women essentially so even
though he finds a great girl in Mallory
he still likes live this life of excess
he's still going to clubs and all that
he's still trying to live the American
dream essentially so I think that that's
a big deal for him and also think it's
because he mentioned that he and Mallory
have an open relationship so I think
he's I think he's allowed to do that I
don't know whether he was joking but if
they really do have an open relationship
then what that means is they can just go
off and fuck whoever they want but then
they'll still be an item or something
along those lines so I said I don't know
if that's a joke or not but in all
fairness Mallory does end up fucking
glad but the thing with that is that she
does that because she wants Vlad to
leave him alone
so actually her heart was in the right
place in that sense so I'm not really
sure in that regard but I'd say you
probably something up yourself pretty
well I think it's a mixture of the
commitment issues and also what was the
other thing just taking their for
granted so anyway that's the game dawn I
will once that's another step towards
want your briquette but why don't you
pretend completion in the ad that makes
sense so now let's drop drop michelle at
home okay here we go
this was fun bye then call me
well that was a very laconic response
from Michelle their minds me of a girl
that I used to speak to a bit but yes
it's never good when a girl just
replaced you just kind of a few words
you say gosh shit I fucked up have a
nice Oh Riley a girl so sorry for the
audio quality but this part was kind of
Bob by the way but I'm using a different
microphone so that's why but anyway in
the next part though I'll be back to my
old microphone and we'll be doing the
next mission for polite
so until then thank you for watching and
blah blah